RHDEVDOCS-3423-managing-user-defined-alerting-rules (#48754)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/monitoring-creating-user-defined-alerting-rules.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * monitoring/managing-alerts.adoc

:_content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="creating-user-defined-alerting-rules_{context}"]
= Creating user-defined alerting rules

As a cluster administrator, you can create user-defined alerting rules based on platform metrics. 
These alerting rules will fire alerts based on the values of chosen metrics.

[NOTE]
====
If you create a new, customized `AlertingRule` resource based on an existing platform alerting rule, you should silence the original alert to avoid receiving conflicting alerts.
====

.Prerequisites

* You are logged in as a user that has the `cluster-admin` role.
* You have installed the OpenShift CLI (`oc`).

> 

Reviewer: same as https://github.com/openshift/openshift-docs/pull/48754/files#r939802522
we should add
You have enabled TechPreview feature and wait for all the nodes become ready

Author: Added a line to the prerequisites

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * monitoring/managing-alerts.adoc

:_content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="creating-user-defined-alerting-rules_{context}"]
= Creating user-defined alerting rules

As a cluster administrator, you can create user-defined alerting rules based on platform metrics. 
These alerting rules will fire alerts based on the values of chosen metrics.

[NOTE]
====
If you create a new, customized `AlertingRule` resource based on an existing platform alerting rule, you should silence the original alert to avoid receiving conflicting alerts.
====

.Prerequisites

* You are logged in as a user that has the `cluster-admin` role.
* You have installed the OpenShift CLI (`oc`).

> * You have enabled Technology Preview features by running `oc edit featuregate/cluster`, and all nodes in the cluster are ready.

Reviewer: I think
`You have enabled Technology Preview features, and all nodes in the cluster are ready`
is fine enough, same for others

Author: OK, Thanks. Updated per your suggestion

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * monitoring/managing-alerts.adoc

:_content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="creating-user-defined-alerting-rules_{context}"]
= Creating user-defined alerting rules

> As a cluster administrator, you can create user-defined alerting rules based on platform metrics. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
As a cluster administrator, you can create new alerting rules based on platform metrics. 
```

Author: I agree that this could be confusing. I've revised throughout to remove "user-defined" in these topics.
